gm guys

goodluck everyone 

let's go MINDers

groundbreaking Zero Trust data lake that combines cutting-edge encryption techniques with the principles of Zero Trust.

By empowering users, developers, and businesses to secure their data, smart contracts, and AI models on the blockchain, Mind Network is revolutionizing the Web3 landscape.

Mind Network recently closed its seed round fundraising, led by Binance Labs and co-invested by SevenX Ventures, HashKey Capital, Arweave SCP Ventures, etc.

Mind Network was incubated by Binance Incubation Camp Season 5 and selected into Chainlink BUILD Program.

Mind Network is at the forefront of enhancing data security in Web3 by implementing Zero Trust principles and state-of-the-art encryption techniques.

This comprehensive platform empowers users with end-to-end encryption, enabling them to control their personal data, financial transactions, and user interactions.

Mind Network safeguards sensitive information by employing cutting-edge encryption techniques by combining Zero Knowledge Proof (ZKP) and home-brewed Adaptive Homomorphic Encryption (AFHE) techniques, enabling individuals to have complete ownership and control over their data. 

Mind Network addresses critical challenges in Web3 security by offering solutions to protect data, smart contracts, and AI for Web3 users:

Encrypted Data Lake

Secure Smart Contracts

Zero Trust AI

Investors and Partners of Mind Network

1. Binance Labs

2. co-invested by Comma3 Ventures, SevenX Ventures, HashKey Capital, Big Brain Holdings, Arweave SCP Ventures, Meridian Capital, etc.

Mind Network was incubated by Binance Incubation Camp Season 5 as the only data project and selected into Chainlink BUILD Program.

Utility and Benefits, Mind Network’s capabilities extend to various use cases, providing significant benefits to the Web3 ecosystem 

1. Decentralized Applications (dApps)
2. Data Marketplaces
3. Financial Services

Mind Network is a Decentralized Zero Trust Data Lake that secures all your data, smart contracts and AI on Web3. It is built on a patented zero trust framework based on Zero Knowledge Proof (ZKP) and Adaptive Fully Homomorphic Encryption (AFHE) to empower high-performance encryption on data storage and computation.